docs: add HeroDevs mentions to README and LTS docs (#5730)
fastify/fastify: README.md

Please visit [Fastify help](https://github.com/fastify/help) to view prior
support issues and to ask new support questions.

Version 3 of Fastify and lower are EOL and will not receive any security or bug fixes.

> Our partner, HeroDevs, provides commercial security fixes for all unsupported versions

Reviewer: https://fastify.dev/docs/latest/Guides/Style-Guide/

"You"/"our" is fine for any informal documentation in `docs/Guides` but not for anything in `docs/Reference`.

Author: Corrected where needed.

> Our partner, HeroDevs, provides commercial security fixes for all unsupported versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastify's partner, HeroDevs, provides commercial security fixes for all unsupported versions
```

> Our partner, HeroDevs, provides commercial security fixes for all unsupported versions
> at [https://herodevs.com/support/fastify-nes][hd-link]. Our supported version matrix
> is available in our [Long Term Support][lts-link] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fastify's partner, HeroDevs, provides commercial security fixes for all unsupported versions
at [https://herodevs.com/support/fastify-nes][hd-link]. Fastify's supported version matrix
is available in the [Long Term Support][lts-link] documentation.
```

Please visit [Fastify help](https://github.com/fastify/help) to view prior
support issues and to ask new support questions.

> All previous versions of Fastify besides the latest are end of life and will not receive any security or bug fixes.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is incorrect. The LTS doc clearly shows that v4 is still supported until 2025-04-30.

Author: Changing...

Our partner, HeroDevs, provides commercial security fixes for all unsupported versions at https://herodevs.com/fastify-nes.

| Version | Supported? | Commercial Support         |
| :------ | :--------- | :------------------------: |
| 5       | Yes        |                            |
| 4       | Yes        |                            |
| 3       | No         | [Available here][hd-link]  |
| 2       | No         | [Available here][hd-link]  |

> | 1       | No         | [Available here][hd-link]  |

Reviewer 2: Do we really need to replicate the LTS doc table here?

Reviewer 3: Using the user's hat: I prefer a table over a text wall

Reviewer 2: I'm just not convinced it needs to be in two places. I think we could link to the LTS doc in the main readme, and expand the table there.

Reviewer 4: I agree.

Reviewer 5: Hey all, we can definitely change the table to just some simple text. 

We have operated with other projects on the assumption that users prefer simple tables with clear information without needing to click links to get full information, so we suggest this little table on all the projects we work with.

If you would prefer just text that's no problem. Please confirm which you want.

Author: Removing....
